.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH MUDMAGIC 1 "October 24, 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
mudmagic \- The MUD Magic MUD client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mudmagic
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B mudmagic
mud client.
.PP
.B MUDMagic
is a robust, expandable, and portable client for connecting to MUD family
game servers (LP, Diku, MUSH, MOO, MUCK, etc...). It is designed to operated on
both Linux and Windows, be portable enough to fit on a floppy disk, yet support
a wide range of features.
.PP
It supports the ZMP, MSP, and MCCP protocols, perl and python scripting, HTML, and
an on demand game list from mudmagic.com. Additionally there is support for typical
features such as aliases, triggers, color, regular expressions, macros, hotkeys,
and multiple connections. Current modules include an automapper, a sqlite user
database, and a note pad.
.PP
The
.B MUDMagic
client is built using GTK+.
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.TP
.B http://www.mudmagic.com/mud-client/
The primary MUDMagic client webpage.
.SH AUTHOR
mudmagic was written by Calvin Ellis (Kyndig).
.PP
This manual page was written by Ervin Hearn III <noltar@korongil.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
